# BCForwardChallenge

Using Terminal, Navigate to the package directory and run the following command:

swift run BCForwardChallenge data.txt
swift test

I tried to follow S.O.L.I.D Principles in the design of this solution as well as limiting side effects where I thought it would be appropriate and beneficial although I wasn't strict with this criteria where I thought the cost would outweigh the benefits in terms of implementation and readability. My though process while creating this solution was that first I would need to get the data and parse the data into a model that could be used throughout the application. The reporting portion of the app relies on an abstraction so that it is possible to change the data source by having a struct or class conform to the abstraction (protocol) in following the dependency inversion criteria of S.O.L.I.D principles. The next step was breaking the problem down in such a way as to allow me to meet the specifications of the report. I made functions to find the minimum/maximum, partition the data base on category criteria, sort the binned data and filter out data that didn't meet the business requirement as specified in the prompt. Each function has a single responsibility in line with the solid principles. I did run into an issue where the categories that I generated need to specify a predicate for the bin data in order to apply the minmax. I would have liked to abstract this out a little more so that this tight coupling wasn't there. I wasn't quite sure what to do with the priceType data and decided that It would be used get the display name of each of the bins that the data would need to be partitioned into. The part of the application that deals with reporting probably should conform to a protocol that way it can be extended and closed for modification in line with the Open Closed principle of S.O.L.I.D. The protocol that specifies the contract for getting the data contains the minimum functionality needed for the data layer in line with the interface segregation principle. I mainly handle errors with optionals in such a way that rows with missing data wouldn't be included in the report.
